support for --export-keys without --write-verification-metadata (#21198)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/userguide/dep-man/01-core-dependency-management/dependency_verification.adoc

----
*.gpg           binary
----

[NOTE]

> Verification of signatures is disabled while running this command, similarly to `--write-verification-metadata`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command disables signature verification, similar to `--write-verification-metadata`.
```
Suggestion: use active voice instead of passive voice. Add a period at the end for consistency with the rest of the page.
